Create rule S7074: webSecurity should be enabled (#4265)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7074/javascript/rule.adoc

The `webSecurity` flag in Electron applications controls the security settings for web content. 

== Why is this an issue?

When this flag is disabled, it allows the application to load and execute content from any source, including potentially unsafe ones. 
This vulnerability can be exploited when a user interacts with untrusted web content, such as clicking on a malicious link or opening a compromised webpage. 
The attacker can then inject harmful scripts or code into the application, bypassing the usual security restrictions. 

> This vulnerability relies on the user's action of loading or interacting with external web content that is not properly validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This sentence is already contained in the two beforehand.

=== What is the potential impact?

> The `webSecurity` flag vulnerability in Electron applications poses significant security risks. 
> When this flag is disabled, it opens the door to various types of attacks that can compromise the integrity and security of the application and its users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `webSecurity` flag is disabled, it opens the door to various types of attacks that can compromise the integrity and security of the application and its users.
```
The current text is rather verbose.

This can lead to identity theft and financial loss for users.

==== Unauthorized Access

Disabling the `webSecurity` flag can allow attackers to bypass authentication mechanisms. 
This means that unauthorized users can gain access to restricted areas of the application, potentially leading to data breaches and unauthorized data manipulation.

==== Code Execution

Attackers can exploit this vulnerability to execute arbitrary code within the application. 
This can result in the installation of malware, ransomware, or other harmful software on the user's device. 
Such actions can disrupt the normal functioning of the device and compromise its security.

==== Phishing Attacks

With the `webSecurity` flag disabled, attackers can create convincing phishing pages within the application. 
These pages can trick users into providing sensitive information, believing they are interacting with a legitimate part of the application.

==== Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)

The vulnerability makes the application susceptible to cross-site scripting attacks. 
In an XSS attack, malicious scripts are injected into web views inside the application. 

> These scripts can hijack user sessions, or replace web views inside the application by malicious content.

Reviewer: IMO reduce this to three points at most. Especially data theft/phishing and code execution/XSS can be consolidated or at least don't need so much text.

== How to fix it

=== Code examples

To fix the `webSecurity` flag vulnerability in Electron applications, you need to ensure that the `webSecurity` property of `webPreferences` is not false. 
This will enforce security restrictions on web content loaded by your application. 
If the `webSecurity` flag is not explicitly set in your application, it is enabled by default.

==== Noncompliant code example

> [source,csharp,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
```

----
const { BrowserWindow } = require('electron');

let mainWindow = new BrowserWindow({
  webPreferences: {
    webSecurity: false // Noncompliant
  }
});
----

==== Compliant solution

> [source,csharp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
```

----
const { BrowserWindow } = require('electron');

let mainWindow = new BrowserWindow({
  webPreferences: {
    webSecurity: true
  }
});
----

> //=== How does this work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== How does this work?
```

> In the compliant examples `webSecurity` is explicitly set to its secure value. 
> It is also sufficient to not set this property since it will default to a secure value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the compliant example, `webSecurity` is explicitly enabled. 
It is also sufficient not to set this property, as it is enabled by default.
```
Reworded to read a bit easier

//=== Pitfalls

=== Going the extra mile

A Content Security Policy helps prevent the injection of malicious content. 
Define a CSP that restricts the sources of content that can be loaded by your application.

> [source,csharp]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript]
```

----
mainWindow.webContents.session.webRequest.onHeadersReceived((details, callback) => {
  callback({
    responseHeaders: {
      ...details.responseHeaders,
      'Content-Security-Policy': ["default-src 'self'; script-src 'self' https://example.com"]
    }
  });
});
----

> //== Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Resources
```
